So Yes Yes is very much Hello everybody Nyaiu
Well it is clear whether the street of this time Well look at is the fact that Watch Dogs
Hey
A new game from Ubi I Soft, Japanese version
Ne
It's a game with a high degree of freedom like Grasev
It seems that there is something hacking or something using smartphones
The sound of youtube sounds that ad for watchdogs has ads for watchdogs
So it is I bought Hi
This time or not this time the actual status of the Watch Dogs
Well, that's the case instead of Gracef 5, but it's a bit like Gracef 5
Is it gone?
The request has also decreased, so switch to Watchdogs' status a little
I wonder how
Well if you have a request if you have a request, please do if you have a request
Yes
And after this watchdog
Here we a little It is also request Wanted Hi Hey I like Gurasefu
Because it is feeling
So it can be a request also Ouchi Dogs went well in Gurasefu Well Gurasefu
I think it is different from the new request again
I would like to recruit a lot, so thank you
uc
The image quality of the installation is not so good stall long-
Ummm I want to try just a little to try it today so
I want to take a video again from the end of the installation so I cut
The fact that the installation will be completed in at Saato 1% t
Now Botchidoku's and a 100% t what it feels like made
Carbon
Still Hey Ya What care do some installers do it without the South arrow name
Well come 100% space good kitter
Bamboo basket under Do not award a bamboo basket being it is being loaded loaded
22 Now Loading
Daisuke Makoto Seisuke
Whether they match in the Senior class finger Ubisoft Do It
Ne'm Yeah, you there all right
That 's that, I think it 's an Assassin's Creed company.
Watch dog Smar starts with wow and also looks at the complete first look play video
It is not
Only that ad trailer
I wonder what this Mac w Boy
Watch falls ev falls v
Adjust the slider to the extent that the logo looks a bit faint Armor this should be fine
It 's already a big bone
Ah
Schumann
Game option
Let 's get started now new game
There is only Yeah shot
Well, let 's try to make the story a little lively, but I'm a little troubled right now
I'm going to do the nesting or the real situation
Which way do you do the request while making the story live?
The real situation says the story The real situation is stopped and it is said that we will focus on requests only
Yes, I want I will tell little or Which is good
Now it came
South Lower Grassef like cityscape possible
It's the owner who feels that the graphic is somewhat clean .
Security camera or this is a security camera
It Is media eyes Well Umuu hotel prosthetic
Who is this is a woman if I'm not know at all of Kkechotto'm the name of the hero or hero
Was a person
Oh here it has entered the UK Den lobby Once the hero
This is Mr. Matsuda
Somehow or Kke
New Year's end james smith
Security camera
Not so good
What is it here
This is a room
Oh what's a great sweat
I 'm not tired
It had concentrated on
Who was asked by
It is said that the place was told by the theme
But not
Standing
Say the name
It is before Mouri assumption
Standard with long press
The departure Ttsu thing in r 2 to temple
I don't know where I am with Grassef or I remember it
From
Using from above
th
It's like a takedown
Takedown The Ya Nanzo
Well fighting 2 things takedown
When i can't talk to me
Once you talk to you, you can move now
ok what
Hacking near
The fact that you pointed out to Kan Gangnam Dananda I'm Ne Wakan this little cormorant
This is a cat and hacking this way of lightning
Said was the sister Oh Nagao dental length Press
Skip skip who
The red sister mother of these vending machines kaeru
A little grinded
ーすーー eye-fi is a target
Two or two vending machines have been hacked.
And get out of here
I'm going to run wildly for a long time
Ball yeah I different from the Gurasefu superfine sinus Draco
what
Where are you
Nari
Click
If it is a blue leaf rose, this or tamago technique
I threw it away
I would kill if there was
I would have referred to as you put